c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Turret.exe.config
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Turret.exe
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Turret.pdb
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.Form1.resources
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.exe
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\obj\Debug\Turret.pdb
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\J2i.Net.XInputWrapper.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\abouttodrophammer.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\alrightbringiton.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\calltheshot.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\commlinkonline.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\countdown.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\engage.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\identifyyourself.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\inputcoordinates.wav
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.pdb
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.pdb
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.pdb
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Emgu.CV.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\steve.calise\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Turret\Turret\bin\Debug\sayhellotofriend.wav
